- Thoughts on Passover.
You wake up.
Two words emblazoned
on your chest.
It's time.
You're gonna
make a break for freedom.
You will not be
a slave anymore.
You get out of bed,
you grab your things,
you run outside,
and then...
there you are.
Free.
First light of day.
Behind you is your past.
Everything you came from.
Everything that you
thought you knew.
You start running.
As you run, you listen for
the voice of the divine.
But you hear nothing.
So you stop.
You listen closer.
What-- what is that?
Is it nothing?
No. It is stillness.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh, there's my purse.
How you doin'
this morning?
I'm good.
I just said a u revoir
to your love.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
That's a pretty shawl.
Yeah.
It's pashmina.
Blue. You like?
It's a nice color.
- Yeah?
- Looks good on you.
- Really?
- Uh-huh.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm all right.
Yeah.
Everything's great.
Vicki loves me.
And she's--
she's great.
And, uh, my kids
are doing great.
I mean, they love me and
they accept me for who I am.
You got--
the kids invited you
to the birthday
party Saturday?
- They did.
- You coming?
- I am coming.
- Oh, my--
my thing I do at
the LGBT call center
is wonderful.
I'm just getting started,
but I'm excited to learn
about that whole world.
I've got everything I need.
So...
why am I so unhappy?
- Does anyone want
the sprinkles?
- No, you take it.
- How about we split it?
- You want the sprinkles?
- No, no.
- Do you want-- Yeah,
I want the sprinkles.
Why are you spitting?
'Cause I'm vegan.
Can I just say that
I have really enjoyed
sharing the transbrella
with all of you.
I'm not trans.
- You're not?
- No.
- Baxter's intersex.
- Ohh.
I was born with,
quote-unquote,
ambiguous genitalia.
- Oh.
- And I'm one of those.
- Oh, yes.
- You've heard me--
Seen me on "Oprah."
- Mm-hm.
- Not me but, like,
my people.
I have seen one of you
on "Oprah."
The book that I read
was from 2014,
and it had--
it had a graphic--
- Ooh, that's me.
It's my turn.
- Okay.
- No.
- I thought it was--
- It's her turn.
- Oh, yeah, it's my turn.
- I thought it was MOBS.
Maura goes first.
What's MOBS?
Maura, Omar,
Baxter.
No, I think I'm next,
though.
I think I'm before you.
No. I'm gonna
take this call.
- It's me.
- No.
- I think it's me.
- I think--
LA Call Line.
I'm here to help.
- I think he likes
hearing sad things.
- Oh, man.
It was just a hang up.
- Oh, that's all I get.
- That's all I've ever had
is crank call,
- wrong call.
- Most of us just get
crank calls.
- That's you now.
- Go ahead, Maura.
- C'est moi.
LA Call Line,
I'm here to help you.
How can I help?
I'm sorry, can you speak up?
I can-- I can hardly hear you.
- I said today was
really fuckin' hard.
And I know there's gonna be,
like, hard days and stuff,
but today was
really fuckin' hard.
I got up at 5 a.m.,
and I took the bus
all the way across town
to go to the
stupid fuckin' clinic,
and I waited
for five hours
all for the doctor to say
I'm not old enough,
and I'm not in the system,
and I need my fuckin'
foster parents
who won't do shit but
take the check they get
every single month.
Mm-hm.
I just feel like
I'm drowning,
like, I just don't
want to do this anymore.
So, you know,
you're asking me how
you're gonna help me,
like, why don't you just
tell me why
I shouldn't just
kill myself.
Um...
No, you said you were
gonna help me,
so what am I
supposed to do now?
Um... sounds
very difficult.
Difficult. That's a good
fuckin' word for it.
- Have you been drinking?
- What?
Just scratch that.
Uh, I'm sorry.
Um, have you
felt this way before?
Where the fuck are you
getting these questions
from, man, seriously?
Well, I'm not a man,
actually,
I'm-- I'm--
I'm trans.
Oh. Well, shit.
I'm trans, too.
Hey, uh,
what's your name?
Elizah.
My name is Maura.
Where are you right now?
At St. Christopher's,
the clinic.
St. Christopher's?
- Yes.
- Hold on one second.
Um, can I ask you,
are you, um--
Do you have, um--
Is your mom around?
Look, my mom doesn't give
a shit about me, all right?
Mom.
You wouldn't get it, okay?
You wouldn't get it.
I would get it, actually.
Um, I-- I wasn't raised
by my mom.
My mom was never around.
Mm-mm. Both my sister
and me were--
We were raised by--
We were raised by
my grandparents.
My mom didn't care.
I bet it was nothin' like
what I got.
This is my fourth
foster family.
I bet you don't even
fuckin' understand
what it's like.
Have you ever been to
South L.A.?
Probably not,
so you wouldn't even
fuckin' get it,
so this conversation
is pointless,
so I'm just gonna
fucking go now
- and I don't want to
- All right, all right,
- hold on, hold on, hold.
- You don't understand.
- Hey, Elizah, hold on.
- It's just too much.
Hold on, hold on.
Just hold on for a second.
Can you do me a favor?
Can you breathe?
No, hell, no,
fuck this shit.
- W hat are you,
a fuckin' therapist? No.
- No, no, no.
- Just walk to a safe place.
- Fuck this.
- Wherever you are just--
- Where the fuck am
I supposed to go?
I'm at a fuckin' clinic.
Find somewhere there's space,
where you're alone.
Just-- Please?
Are you walking?
- Yes.
- Yeah?
You there?
I want you to breathe
with me, okay?
I'm doing it with you.
All right,
just breathe in
through your nostrils
- And-- and now breathe out
through your mouth.
- Let's breathe in
And breathe out
through your mouth, okay?
Oh, sweetie, okay, okay.
- I'm here.
- All right.
I'm here.
I can't, I have to go.
Elizah?
Uh, TV dinners.
Probably those
Lean Cuisines,
but, you know, you need
like three of them
for them to fill you up.
- Oh.
- I don't eat that shit.
I just had a call that
just went way wrong.
I mean, way wrong.
I think I really
screwed up.
- It's okay, boo.
- What happened?
- I have to go.
- I mean, all you
can do is your best.
I mean, we can't
save everyone,
we're not therapists
or case managers.
You're just here
to provide support and--
- To keep yourself warm,
you re-tell your story
of escape.
You repeat it to yourself
over and over again.
I got out.
Now you look over
your shoulder.
Is someone coming after me?
Or is someone
coming to save me?
- Thank you.
Sign at the bottom.
- I take it
Darryl's been absent.
I don't know much
about him.
- Yeah, well, uh--
I haven't really been
talking with him.
Do you have your I.D.?
- He's got how many
strikes now?
- Honestly,
like, strike 67.
- Yeah.
- Excuse me. Um--
- Which is good,
though.
Hi. Just sign your name
at the bottom.
Oh, I'm not a patient.
Um, this person here,
number eight, Elizah P.
Uh, I'm looking--
You're actually not supposed
to be looking at that.
It's confidential
information.
Then why do you
have it out?
It's for people to sign,
not to read.
I'm looking for a friend
and I think that's her.
Are you planning to
meet here?
Oh, no, but, uh--
but she's, uh--
She's a friend and, uh, I--
I'm very worried about her.
I was wondering if, uh,
could you tell me anything
about her?
- Just anything.
- I can't give any
information out.
- I'm sorry.
- It's really important.
You said you were
looking for Elizah?
I am.
Do you know Elizah?
Are you, like,
from child services
or something?
No, no, I've never
met her before,
but she's in
a lot of trouble.
Do you know anything
about her?
Um, she has
bright green hair.
Okay.
Do you happen to know
where she is?
Yeah.
She said she was headed to
the Slauson Swap Meet.
- The Slauson Swap Meet?
- The Slauson Swap Meet.
I have no idea
what that is.
What is that?
It's a big mall, it's
about two blocks that way.
- Two blocks.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Uh-huh.
- Soul. Get your soul.
Get some poetry in your life.
Get the culture.
Want the soul?
Get poetry in your life.
You need some culture.
Slauson soul.
You don't have a soul
without the soul.
Soul.
Get your soul.
Damn,
I wanted some curl.
That's so wrong.
Excuse me.
Can I ask you a question?
Um... esta familia.
Yo estoy, uh,
familia trans, tambien.
- I'm Maura.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi. Reyna.
- M ucho gusto.
- Adriana.
Nice to meet you.
I'm looking for, uh,
this young girl
who's in, I think,
a lot of trouble.
He names is Elizah.
- Elizah.
- And I'm very worried.
She's also a trans,
and, uh--
What does she look like?
- Well, she has green hair--
- Uh-huh.
Maybe you've seen her
on the streets, Elizah.
- Q ue, qué?
- Uh--
What streets?
- You know, uh, well--
- La calla dijo.
- No, no, no, not, not--
- I was just saying, no--
In general, the streets,
not, not-- I mean--
Yeah, I'm a student.
These two are getting their
nursing licenses.
- Exactly.
- What street?
I'm-- I'm sorry.
Um, I've offended you
and I'm sorry.
- C on permiso.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Bye.
- Good luck.
How rude.
- Pobrecita.
- The streets.
Like, really?
Oh!
Fuck a fucking duck.
- So--
- So that sounds--
it's a trick thing.
I play a mind trick
on your brain.
Excuse me.
I need to--
Damn, what happened
to your shoe?
I, uh, I broke my shoe.
I need to see--
I broke my shoe.
Um, do you have this in,
like, a 12 and a half D?
The biggest size
we have is 11.
- Okay.
- So--
Um, do you have
some duct tape?
Maybe I could do--
I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Definitely don't have
no duct tape, um,
but we may have
some Scotch tape.
Um, is there some
Crazy Glue?
'Cause that might work.
That's not gonna work.
I got you--
Last thing you want to do,
you do not want Crazy Glue.
Once that Crazy Glue
opens up,
it's gonna get on
your finger,
and your finger gonna get
stuck together like this.
Then you're walkin' around
saying A-Ok all damn day.
But everything's
not okay.
People think it's cool.
It's not cool.
Go get the Scotch tape,
dog. Help me out.
- Thank you.
- Hold on one second,
we'll figure it out.
- This--
- I'm gonna be honest,
I'm gonna tell you
somethin' right now.
This ain't gonna work.
Hey, will you
stop talkin'?
If you don't use your teeth,
it's not gonna come off.
I'm not gonna use my teeth,
I got the...
lesbian manicure
over here.
- You're not
helpin' me, dude.
- How am I-- How am I--
- Okay, there you go.
There you go.
- There it is.
- Work, dog.
- Thank you, thank you.
- You got it.
- Look at it.
- Ahh.
- Boom. Bam.
- Look at that, look at that.
- You guys are great.
- Thank you so much.
- Okay.
- Got you, man.
All right.
- Thank you.
You have a good day.
- Hi.
How can I help you?
- Yeah, we'll have
red beans and rice.
- Homemade fries.
All right.
- And a small Coke.
Okay, great.
That'll be $7.
- Okay.
- I'll give you
your number.
- All right, right on.
Thank you.
- All right, great.
Hi. How can I help you?
Chicken tenders meal,
uh-huh.
Biscuit and
a small drink.
What kind of drink
you want?
Pepsi, okay.
You'll be number two.
Let's get a name so
I'll call your number.
Okay? All right.
And that'll just be $2.
- Oh.
- Okay.
Hi. How can I
help you?
You want a pudding?
All right. They're making--
Oh, shit.
Um, you know what?
I think I forgot--
I don't have my purse.
Forgive me,
I was just, uh--
I needed to replenish
my electrolytes and--
But I think I know
where it is.
I think I left it
at the, uh--
I left it at the clinic.
I'll just go and
get it and, uh--
And I'll just retrieve it
and I'll--
I'll pay you your money.
That's no problem.
Yeah, just leave the drink,
and I'll just
hold it for you.
That's not
a big deal at all.
When I come back,
of course, I will--
I'll give you
a healthy tip.
Yeah, but listen,
you don't gotta give me
no tip.
It's totally fine,
it's just that
when I close out
I have to zero out
my goods in
with my cash out,
- and if it doesn't
match up--
- Elizah!
- Excuse me!
- So now you just
gonna walk away?
- What the hell?
- Hi. It's me.
It's me!
It's Maura.
Don't--
You're fine,
it's fine.
It's me, it's Maura.
Don't be scared.
It's me from--
from the phone.
You remember me?
I thought those calls
were anonymous.
They are anonymous,
but I--
I was really worried
about you. Okay?
You all right?
- You steal that Gatorade?
- What?
- Say yes.
- Did you steal
that Gatorade?
No, I didn't steal
any Gatorade.
You know you stole it.
And you drank it.
I didn't steal anything.
I told you very clearly,
ma'am,
- that I told you that I
lost my purse and I was--
- Okay, so--
I'm gonna get you your money,
I told you that.
I don't care about the money,
it's about the principle.
You walk up in my store
and you take shit because
you think it's yours.
- No. No! You know what--
- Come here.
- Can you loan me $2?
- Call the police on him.
- I didn't have a purse.
- You need to come with me
and exit the premises.
Wait a minute, hold on,
I'm not a criminal.
You don't have to--
- You are a criminal because
you stole that Gatorade.
- I have to talk to my friend.
- Do you need me to call
the police on this man?
- Hold on, hold on.
- Just hold on.
- Is he bothering you?
Hey, it's not he.
Does she look like
a he to you?
The fumes coming from this
manicure establishment,
they-- they're strong.
They're too strong for
an indoor environment.
So this is clearly
environmentally wrong.
- Call the police on him.
- Oh, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on.
You all right?
- Did you call 9-1-1?
- Gurney comin' through.
Whenever you're ready.
Okay?
- Here we go.
- Take it easy.
- Go slow.
- On three, okay?
Gurney comin' through.
What's wrong with me?
- Just relax now, ma'am.
- What are we doing?
- I think we're
looking at a 51-50.
- Seems that way.
County's asked us to stop
bringing in 51-50s.
Wait, wait, wait.
Where are you taking me?
- We have to take you
to the closest hospital,
that's county.
Oh, no, no. No,
you can't take me to county.
- Ma'am, just relax now.
- No, no, please.
You have to take me
to Cedars-Sinai.
- It'll be just fine.
- No, I'm Jewish.
- Please take me to Cedars.
- It doesn't matter.
All right?
- It'll be fine.
We have good doctors there.
I-- My name is Pfefferman.
You understand?
- Pfefferman.
- You'll be fine.
- You're waiting for
a miracle.
You're waiting for
the sea to part.
Well, that's an old miracle.
So what about this.
What if the miracle was you?
What if you had to be
your own Messiah?
Then what?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org